Period 2 Class Members: Alyx, Riley, Ethan, Jevin, Mr Minich
Java
Period 2
Units 6 & 7

Unit 6
1. cohesive-
2. coupling-
3. composition-
4. has-a relationship-
5. precondition-
6. postcondition- A postcondition is something in a method that assures that something will happen when a method is called. Postconditions can be used to help support an informal design-by-contract style of programming.
7. static field- A static field which is also known as  a static variable, class variable, or a class field is instance variables that are shared between all objects in a class.
8. static method- A static method which is also known as a class method is a method that does not apply to just one specified variable. You must use a static method in a class in order to use parameters in your method.
9. instance method- An instance method is a method in java that is applied to an object of a class. You can use an instance method in java to, (after instatiating an object like, Hero cloud = new Hero();) call one of its instance methods after using the dot operator. 
10. class invariant- A class invariant is an expression that will always be true about an object variable of a class at any point while the program executes. The invariant could be like in a class if say the class named Cloud where there is an instance field named myWater and could never be over 100. The class invariant for the cloud would be that "The cloud will never have over 100 water". 
11. scope of a variable - The scope of a variable is the area of a program in which the variable can be used without causing an error. The scope of a variable is limited to where the variable was declared, referring to them as global or local.
12. shadowing-
13. toString method-
14. local variable-

Unit 7
1. ArrayList-
2. size method- returns the number of values that are stored in an ArrayList 
3. get method- accesses one element in an ArrayList
4. the overloaded add method- there are two kinds of add method- One version takes one parameter and adds it to the end of the ArrayList- the second version can be used to add something to the end of the ArrayList
5. remove method- takes an element from the ArrayList and then removes it at a specific position  
6. key- the key is the value or element that the Arraylist is looking for, for example one array could be looking for the number 99 out of a certain amount of numbers, which means 99 is the key
7. flag variable - The data type of a flag variable is usually boolean. Flag variables are often used with while loops.
